README.adoc, before:

= Grails Sequence Generator Plugin

The sequence generator plugin provides a simple way to add sequence counters
to Grails 3 applications. You can control the starting number, the format and
you can have different sequence counters based on application logic.

== Examples

[source,groovy]
----
    sequenceGeneratorService.initialize('WebOrder', null, null, 100, 'WEB-%04d')

    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0100'
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0101'
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0102'

    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumberLong('WebOrder') == 103
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumberLong('WebOrder') == 104
----

The SequenceGeneratorService implementation is very efficient and can provide
sequential numbers to concurrent threads without problems.

You will find more information in the
https://github.com/gr8crm/grails-sequence-generator/blob/master/src/docs/asciidoc/index.adoc[developer guide].

Commit message:

Add note about Grails 2 version

README.adoc, after:

= Grails Sequence Generator Plugin

The sequence generator plugin provides a simple way to add sequence counters
to Grails 3 applications. You can control the starting number, the format and
you can have different sequence counters based on application logic.

NOTE: This is the Grails 3 version of
      https://github.com/goeh/grails-sequence-generator[Grails 2 sequence-generator plugin].
      It's a complete re-write but mostly backwards compatible with the older Grails 2 version,
      so you should be able to use it in Grails application that you upgraded from Grails 2 to Grails 3
      with just minor adjustments to your application code.

== Examples

[source,groovy]
----
    sequenceGeneratorService.initialize('WebOrder', null, null, 100, 'WEB-%04d')

    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0100'
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0101'
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumber('WebOrder') == 'WEB-0102'

    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumberLong('WebOrder') == 103
    assert sequenceGeneratorService.nextNumberLong('WebOrder') == 104
----

The SequenceGeneratorService implementation is very efficient and can provide
sequential numbers to concurrent threads without problems.

You will find more information in the
https://github.com/gr8crm/grails-sequence-generator/blob/master/src/docs/asciidoc/index.adoc[developer guide].
